Nature Trail!
Today, Peppa and herfamily are
driving out to the countryside.
Daddy, what will we see
in the countryside?
We'll see birds and trees
and flowers and bees...
Dine-saw!
No, George,
I don't think we'll see
any dinosaurs.
This is the start of
the nature trail.
We're here!
Horray!
Daddy Pig,
don't forget the picnic.
As if I would.
Daddy,
how do we know which way to go?
Easy.
The map says
there should be a sign
showing the start of
the nature trail...
here!
Well done, Daddy Pig.
Oh dear,
Daddy Pig has
forgotten the picnic.
Peppa, what interesting things
can you see?
Just trees and trees
and more boring trees.
Peppa,
you're not looking hard enough.
Alright!
I'll look really hard and
I still won't see anything...
Oh, what's that?
Peppa has found some footprints.
Whose footprints are these?
Dine-Saw!
Oh, George,
they're not dinosaur footprints.
Let's follow the footprints
and see who made them.
Yes!
Shhh!
We have to be very quiet,
so we don't scare anything away.
Yes, Mummy.
George, Shhh!
Shhh!
Peppa and George are following
the footprints.
Look!
The footprints were made by
a Little bird.
She's flown into a tree.
Where?
Here, Peppa,
look through the binoculars.
The binoculars make everything
look bigger.
I can see one! Two!
Three baby birds.
Ahhh...
I wonder what they're eating...
Urggghhhh!
They're eating worms!
That. S disgusting!
George has found
more footprints.
Ooof! What Little footprints!
The footprint are
being made by ants!
They're collecting
leaves to eat.
Are they going to
have salad for lunch?
Yes.
Talking of lunch,
let's have our picnic.
Oh, the picnic...
Daddy Pig!
You've left the picnic
in the car, haven't you?
Er, yes...
but it's not a problem,
we'll just go back
to the car to eat.
But which way
is the car?
My map will show us.
This way!
Ooof!
Who put that tree there?
It's not on the map.
Oh, Daddy Pig!
We. Re lost, aren't we?
Er... yes.
How are we going to
find our Little car?
George has found
more footprints.
Oooh, what big footprints?
Dine-saw!
Very interesting.
What?
Has George found
some real dinosaurfootprints?
No, these are our footprints.
And if we follow our footprints,
we'll find the way
back to ourcar.
And our picnic!
Horray!
Nothing can stop us
finding our car now.
We're home and dry.
Oh, I wasn't expecting that.
Luckily,
I remembered the umbrella.
The rain is washing
the footsteps away.
How are going to
find the car now?
And our picnic...
It's the ducks!
They always turn up at picnics.
Sorry, Mrs. Duck,
we haven't got
a picnic this time.
We can't find it.
I know!
Mrs. Duck, can you help us find
our picnic, please?
We're here!
Horray!
Thank you, Mrs. Duck.
I love nature trails!
Yes, and I love picnics!
And the ducks love picnics!
And the Little birds
love picnics!
And the ants love picnics!
Everybody loves picnics.